Participants present: Eva Blomqvist, Karl Hammar, Agnieszka Lawrynowicz, Andrea Nuzzolese, Gary Berg-Cross, Jim Salmons, Krzysztof Janowicz, Pascal Hitzler, Valentina Presutti, Adila Krisnadhi (sp?)

Meeting minutes:
1) Electing the meeting chair and secretary
Chairperson: Eva Blomqvist / Secretary: Karl Hammar

2) Question of the correct announcement of the meeting 
Meeting announced per email in due time: all ok.

3) Establishing the agenda
Agenda accepted (noting that ODP portal move needs to be discussed under point 7)

4) Summary of activities during 2017
- WOP hosted at ISWC 2017 (Vienna, Austria). 
Eva general chair. 
http://ontologydesignpatterns.org/wiki/WOP:2017
Keynote talk (Pascal Hitzler), research papers, pattern papers, presented.
Interactive session with group discussions on a variety of topics, including meta-languages for describing patterns and other open areas of research related to ODPs.

- ESWC 2017 Tutorial
There was also a well-received ESWC 2017 tutorial: http://ontologydesignpatterns.org/wiki/Training:Tutorial:_Modular_Ontology_Modeling_with_Ontology_Design_Patterns_at_ESWC2017 

- ODP Portal update/move
Background: ODP portal wiki (http://ontologydesignpatterns.org/) is a bit outdated technically and content-wise. ODPA has earlier decided to move it to new servers, not at CNR, and to "streamline" the structure and content for easier maintenance. 
Portal is being moved to http://odp.geog.ucsb.edu, including updated Semantic MediaWiki and associated plugins/tooling.
Portal has been moved to a Docker-based infrastructure, simplifying deployment on new hardware/software environments.
GitHub: https://github.com/hammar/OntologyDesignPatterns.org
In addition to the above linked sources, a data archive containing the database and settings will also be required to deploy. This is not shared publicly on GitHub as the dataset contains user accounts and other sensitive information.

5) Election of board members for 2018-2020

Up for re-election: Valentina, Aldo, Krzysztof. All three are available if called upon but are open to replacement if needed also. Additionally, Jim Salmons indicated an interest in being elected to the board.

After a quick update of the members roster, it was found all attending are ODPA members and are allowed to vote.

Proposal: to move Karl and Andrea from executive to normal board members, re-elect Valentina, Aldo, Krzysztof, and vote in Jim Salmons. Also Valentina re-elected to vice chair/managing committee.

All attending members were in favour of this suggestion. Pascal updates the ODPA page with the new board members.

6) Activities planned in 2018

- WOP 2018
Full-day workshop at ISWC in Monterey, CA. One general chair (Agniesza), two papers chairs (Martin Skjaeveland and Yingjie Hu), two patterns chairs (Vojtech Svatek, Karl Hammar). 
http://ontologydesignpatterns.org/wiki/WOP:2018
Promoted at US2TS (abbreviation?) in Dayton (flyer needed)
Breakout topics under discussion.
EasyChair is set up.
Web page needs to be updated.
Submission date: June 1st, 2018
Author notifications: June 27th, 2018

Tutorial at ISWC 2018
Full-day tutorial with Karl, Pascal, Cogan Shimizu, Md Sarker, etc
"Methods and Tools for Modular Ontology Modeling"

CIDOC/CRM relations
Jim Salmons is indicating interest/availability in acting as an ambassador to CIDOC CRM community/research, and will think about good ideas how to establish connections.
Agnieszka is also interested in this area, and will discuss with Jim how to get such a connection at WOP (Gary suggests maybe an invited speaker).

7) Other issues and suggestions

Separate meetng to be booked for the ODP portal move discussions and planning. Karl and Andrea initiate and invite board members to such a meeting asap.

8) Closing of the meeting 

Meeting closed.